Hi [firstname]

It's been a few years since we've spoken and I wanted to thank
you again for participating in our [project_name] book project -
it's still one of my favorites of all the books we've ever done.

Like most photographers I am addicted to gadgets and because I
live close to Silicon Valley and have many friends who work at
Apple, Google, Amazon etc I often get to play with new
technologies before the rest of the world hears about them.
Many of my friends have suggested I share some of my favorite
finds with the photo community from time to time so this is the
first in a series of emails about my favorite gadgets. I hate
junk email as much as you do so if you'd rather not get any more
emails from me just let me know.

As you probably know, I love technology. I had a walkman the day
they were released, I bought my first Mac also the day it came
out. Ditto with the iPod and iPhone.

My mother is the complete opposite.  She was a librarian when I
was growing up and had an index card system for the books in our
house.  I thought she would love the Internet and Google and the
Mac I bought her but she found even something like email
completely overwhelming.

A few years ago I was at a fascinating technology conference
called “All Things Digital” and all the attendees and speakers
received a great gift bag with software and hardware. One of the
items inside was the offer to receive a free $150 “Presto
Printing Mailbox” that you could give to your parents or
technology-challenged family members.  It’s basically a remote
printer that doesn’t require anything other than a standard
phone connection. 

Presto is a Web service that connects by telephone to the
“printing mailbox” — a specially designed printer made by HP
that is jam-resistant and extremely easy for seniors to use. The
mailbox automatically dials into the service up to five times a
day to retrieve and print any waiting email and attachments.
Presto also uses an approved senders list to eliminate any spam
or junk mail from getting through.

To send my mother photos of my kids all I need to do is attach
them to an email and a few hours later they pop out of her
printer – without her having to do anything. Presto resizes and
embeds all photos into pre-designed templates, so what comes out
of her printer looks more like a greeting card than an email.

That was two years ago and it’s still my mother’s favorite gift.
I can also send her text messages or PDF’s via email and they
pop out of her printer as well.  I can also add other family
members to a pre-approved list so they can send her photos and
messages as well.

Unlike regular email, no one can send my mom junk emails or spam
because her machine will only accept mail from people I
authorize. The printer even sends me a message when the ink on
her printer is low or if she is out of paper.

There are some other cool features, but basically my Presto
printer helps Mom stay connected to the rest of our family in a
way that she couldn’t before.

I ran into Peter Radsiff, the CEO of Presto a few weeks ago and
told him how much my mother loves getting instant mail from us
via his printer. I told him that I thought my friends in the
photo business would probably love his gadget as much as I do
and asked if he would consider giving free mailboxes to
photographers who have worked on our books in return for your
helping spread the word to your friends and family.

Peter agreed and made me an incredible offer to pass along to
you. He will give you a printing mailbox — for free* — with a
month of free service. All you have to do is pay for shipping
and sign up for annual service ($149.99) with your credit card.
However, your card won't be charged until a month after the
printer connects to the service for the first time giving you
30 days to evaluate whether you want to keep it or not.

Even if you decide after a few months to cancel the service,
you will receive a pro-rated refund for the unused balance of
your annual subscription, so this is really a low-risk deal.
The mailbox sells for between $50 and $150 (msrp) at different
times of the year, and there is no contract or commitment on
the service subscription, so this is really a great offer.
(Unfortunately they are only able to make this offer to
photographers in the US - they don't offer international service
at this point.)

If you have an elderly parent or loved one who either doesn’t
have a computer, or who struggles with software and printing
photos, you will love Presto. I know I do.

If you want to learn more, visit

http://www.presto.com/?promo=RickSmolan09

To order your free mailbox with annual service signup, visit the
web site or call toll free 1 (800) 919-3199 and mention
the code: RICKSMOLAN so you get the right offer.

All the best,

Rick

PS: I want to make sure you know that I am not being paid by
Presto for endorsing their printer – I just happen to love
the device!

(*Note: mailbox shipping not included)

[unsubscribe]