Dear [firstname],

From time to time I send emails to friends in the photo
community about cool new software, hardware and gadgets that
I've discovered - things that have 'moved the needle' for me in
one way or another. Today I thought I’d mention a service
called ScanCafe.

I moved offices recently and had to face umpteen filing cabinets
full of old slides, negs, contact sheets, etc that I kept promising
to myself that I'd get around to editing 'someday'.

But now that I'm 100% digital the task of editing (let alone
scanning!) all those hundreds of thousands of images is even more
daunting. A friend of mine describes unscanned images as
'dead pixels' -- until they are scanned they are pretty much useless.

I'd pretty much given up on ever getting my older work into digital
form but then my friend David Kennerly (who won the Pulitzer prize
at 26) introduced me to ScanCafe.

The basic idea with ScanCafe is this:

Instead of editing all your work first (which you and I know
you'll NEVER do) you put everything in a box (in my case many
boxes) and ship off your slides, color and B&W slides, even old
prints (even your parents old photo albums) to ScanCafe.  They scan
everything at a very low cost -- starting at 29 cents an image --
and they remove all dust and scratches by hand. They then post all
your images on a private website where you can reject up to half
of them (and not pay for the ones you reject). 

Then they ship you a DVD or small hard drive with your images.

I am using their service and I love it.  

For the cost of a single high quality scan here in the US they
will scan an entire roll of film.  Their costs are so low and the
quality is so high because they do all the scanning at their own
secure facility in India. Shipping my slides and negs to India was
my real hesitation at first, but once I tried the service (with
my wedding photos!) and learned about the safety system ScanCafe
has in place (they have never lost a single order in three years
of operation) I was hooked.

Here is what ScanCafe offers professional photographers:

• Ability to monetize your entire back catalog, since most kinds
  of media are just 29 cents•

• Absolutely incredible pricing on black & white negative scanning,
  for which they do a patent-pending wet mount process at the
  unheard-of price of 69 cents.•

• Hand-correction for color, scratches, red-eye, and orientation•

• Slides and negatives scanned on Nikon 5000 and 9000’s•

• At 3000dpi, file sizes of 3-5MB (~11 megapixels) for
  35mm slides/negs.  Good for 13 x 9 prints at 300ppi. This is
  standard service, output is high-quality jpg•

• At 4000dpi, file sizes of 4-7MB (~18 megapixels) for
  35mm slides/negs. Good, generally, for 18 x 12 prints at 300ppi.
  4000dpi costs just 9 cents extra.•

• Uncorrected TIFF files available (19 cents extra)•

• Industry-leading intellectual property protection (no working
  USB ports or internet access on scanning workstations)•

• Industry-leading safety practices, culminating in a $1,000 cash
  guarantee for their handling (the only such cash guarantee in
  the business)•

Rather than blather on here, I invite you to read this much more
comprehensive (and funny) review of their service written by a
photographer named Terry White below. He had all the same
questions and reservation that I had but also fell in love with
their service and quality.

http://terrywhite.com/techblog/archives/2791

Also, I negotiated a 20% discount for myself and asked the folks at
ScanCafe if I could extend this to other professional photographers
(they agreed). The following code expires 12/31/2010, and is good
for a 20% discount on scanning for your first order.

_Img1_To use the discount, go to this URL:

http://bit.ly/Scancafe

and use this 20% discount code:

PROSHOOTER

You can also learn more and get your questions answered in probably
one of the most extensive FAQ’s I’ve ever seen here:

http://www.scancafe.com/faq

If you want to read what other professional photographers
have to say about ScanCafe, visit:

http://www.scancafe.com/endorsed-by-pro-photographers

Happy scanning!

All the best,  

Rick Smolan

PS: I want to make sure you know that I am not being paid by
ScanCafe for endorsing their service.

